---
title: "18th regular meeting"
date: 2022-04-04
--- 

9 ppl attended

## Agenda
- further develop the SIG SSLA teaching materials list: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1oiOaKQu5sqj0IV99PY7Qr1FpvQ0QaEqH1pMKK9uDALw/edit#gid=0

## short intro of rchaeologists resources by Bjorn
- kept simple to not overwhelm beginners
- will add resources to archaeology chapter
- very focused
- simple md page

## discussion about teaching materials list
- include simple non-archaeology specific introductions to 
    - that keep being updated
    - e.g. data carpentries material

- topics 
    - R
    - Python
    - Bash
    - Git
    - Netlogo

- idea: create an opinionated graph, in a way a decision tree
    - similar to: https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/1/12/Discworld_Reading_Order_Guide_3.0_%28cropped%29.jpg
- idea: 3D excavation plot as a starting point
- different entry points to the decision tree
- decisions should be along the research questions, not along technicalities like which scripting language to use

- filter function should be included
- therefore we need a tagging

- **task for anyone who has added an entry - until 18th April:**
    - add tags to the entry 
    - no controlled vocabulary for tags atm
    - Sophie and Thomas + anyone who wants will clean up tags afterwards
    - email for a meeting: 18th April 

- **task for Clemens and Peter**
    - create a graph outline here: https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1pqsU_ZOEOsztRmYFtPqmwrfRMP2OENZUecOOkzkaSuM/edit#slide=id.p 

- this will be the model for an edge list 
- undecided yet: what kind of attributes for the edges

- **we need an invite link to the slack space on our homepage**

- **Jim adds Netlogo resources to the list**
    
## next meeting

**2022-05-02,  5pm CET (=11am ET)**
    
